The future can be seen as an ideal by the bold, while the weak may find it unattainable and the fearful may regard it as an unknown.
Having a sense of inner direction will lead to successful actions in the outside world. Taking the first step of finding your own inner guidance will help you to find success in life.
It isn't easy to achieve the perfect balance between doing something and doing nothing; it takes as much effort to master both.
Fear can only exist when it's based on our imagined knowledge. We must examine our own thoughts and beliefs in order to overcome our fears.

Taking time to rest and relax is also fundamental to leading a balanced, happy life.
We can only live in the present, which is the gateway to a fulfilling life.
Gaining self-knowledge is an ongoing process, with no definite endpoint; it brings clarity and understanding as you learn more about yourself.
The universe perceives itself through our eyes. The ego is a social construct with no physical reality.
He who blames others has a long journey ahead. He who blames himself is halfway there, and he who blames no one has accomplished the journey.
You are with your friend even in his death. A part of you goes with him wherever he goes.
You don't want to part with the misery you have grown used to, as you have invested too much into it. Therefore, you fear the change that will come.
Talking to the Universe is praying, while listening to it is meditation.
said that peace comes from within, so developing inner tranquility is the key to contentment.
You do not need to change yourself to please anyone; just be yourself and you will be enough.
I accept whatever state of mind I am in, without judgement or resistance. Embracing it fully allows me to find peace.
Freedom comes from within, not from external sources. We must realize our own truth to achieve liberation.
Take your time and conserve your energy; this is the path of Tao.
Think about the consequences before you remain silent; ask yourself what will happen if you don't speak up.
Acknowledge the awe-inspiring magnitude of mountains, instead of viewing them with a limited human perspective.
Life is an amazing mystery to be embraced and enjoyed, rather than an obstacle to be solved. We can only truly experience life by living, loving, and exploring it.
Time passes quickly and it's important to make the most of the present moment.
The ego uses words to achieve its desires, while the soul can find fulfilment through quiet contemplation.
Our mental and physical health has been compromised by modern lifestyles; to restore balance we should practice meditation, exercise and fasting.
Silence can be truly meaningful, and not just a lack of sound.
If you are serious, your thoughts become stagnant and you lose your sense of creativity. You become confined like a dead stone, unable to take purposeful action.
Our perception of reality is determined by our thoughts and beliefs; when we start to doubt, our sense of stability can be threatened.
Reading and speaking holy words is not enough - one must act on them to benefit from them.
Cherish the ones you have before it's too late.
Refrain from fixating on spiritual ideas, and remember that all ideas can be thought about in a rational manner.
We are what we think, so strive to be our true selves. Embrace our thoughts and the body we inhabit.
Challenges can be difficult to face, but it's important to remember that they ultimately lead to personal growth and improvement.
We live in fear until we accept that death is a part of life, equally as important as life itself.
Giving a bad word is often easier than getting a good one; it's important to be mindful of this.
rishnamurti

Truth sets us free, and no amount of effort can replace this truth.
The universe is looking at and exploring itself through you; this concept was put forward by Alan Watts.
